check10.txt

Edit this file and then submit it to autolab.

Be sure to watch the videos very carefully, and not just
skip ahead to the parts required to answer these questions!

Be *very brief* in your answers!  Seriously.  Brief.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Your full name and andrew id:

	Shivum Agarwal
	shivuma

2. The full names and andrew ids of your groupmates, if you worked in a group.

3. Dates/times that you watched the videos listed in check9.html (fill this out as you go):
	10/29/17: 9:10pm - 10:15pm

4. Total time this check required (fill this out when you are done):

	About 1 hours

5. Exceptions

5.1 Consider the lastChar(s) function given on the notes page.  Write a simple try/except block that calls lastChar('') without the program crashing.
	try:
		return s[-1]
	except:
		“String must be non-empty”

6. Functions Redux

6.1 When using variable length args, why would you put a * in front of the argument when calling the function?

	it packages all the args that are passed in as a big tuple

6.2 What is the problem with using a mutable default argument?

	It can treat the argument as a global variable so it can create the wrong snippet of code.
	

6.3 Look back at the animation framework used for this course.  Inside, we make use of lambda functions and functions as parameters.  Briefly describe how each is being used.
	The lambda function is being uses to get the keypressed and mousepressed functions so that the actual keyboard keys and mouse can be used.

6.4 What is the differences between making use of *args and **kwargs?

	Instead of packaging the arguments into a tuple, it puts them in a dictionary.

6.5 What is one reason you can think of to declare a function inside another function instead of making it global as we usually do?

	Maybe there might be two functions with the same name and if they are both global, an error could occur, as such, it’s safer to keep them in different functions.

6.7 Describe, in your own words, what a function decorator does.  What is the relationship between function decorators and functions that return functions?
	It takes the function being decorated passes it into the decorator, so the function being decorated simply refers to the decorator.


7. Recursion Part 2 Questions:

7.1 Why would you need to expand the size of the stack?

	The range of what is being recursed is too low so the stack needs to be expanded.

7.2 Why is the memoized version of fib so much faster than the regular version?

	It avoids the redundancy that would have otherwise happened. Prevents continuous redundancy so it’s much much faster.  

7.3 Which advanced worked examples (from 1-5) was the most interesting to you?  Why?

	I liked list files the most simply because it was able to go within multiple folders and put all the files into a list using recursion!

7.4 In your own words, describe what a fractal is.
	
	It’s a geometric figure that can be drawn recursively.

7.5 What is another problem you can think of that you might be able to solve using backtracking?

	A sudoku seems like something that can be solved using backtracking.
